docs: expand community docs: contributor - simple contribution flow a… (#1730)
asyncapi/community: making-a-contribution.md

# Contributor - Simple Contribution Flow

> This article explains how to contribute effectively to AsyncAPI. It guides you through the contribution process and provides a checklist to ensure high-quality contributions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to contribute effectively to AsyncAPI. It guides you through the contribution process and provides a checklist to ensure high-quality contributions. 
```

## Making a Contribution

> We welcome your contributions to AsyncAPI! Whether you have suggestions, improvements, or new ideas, we encourage you to participate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome your contributions to AsyncAPI, whether you have suggestions, improvements, or new ideas.
```

At AsyncAPI, we value **quality over quantity**. This guide will help you make meaningful contributions that benefit the community.

### Before You Start Contributing
- If you are joining AsyncAPI through [Slack](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite) or an event, take your time to explore the [AsyncAPI website](https://www.asyncapi.com/).  
- Read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).  
- [Attend meetings](https://www.asyncapi.com/community/events) and engage in discussions in the [Slack channel](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite).
- Read the [documentation](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs) to learn more about AsyncAPI.

### Before Making a Contribution
- Read the [onboarding contributor guide](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/onboarding-guide).
- If you are contributing to documentation, review the [documentation onboarding checklist](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/onboarding-guide/docs-onboarding-checklist). 
- For other repositories, refer to the [general contribution guidelines](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> - Look through existing issues and pull requests to gain a better understanding of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look through existing issues and pull requests to understand the repository better.
```

- You can also check the [general roadmap](https://www.asyncapi.com/roadmap).

### Steps to making a good contribution
- Once you are ready to contribute, set up your workflow environment using the [git workflow guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md).
- Search for [good first issues](https://github.com/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aopen+org%3Aasyncapi+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). 
- When you do find one, request to be assigned.
- However, if you notice a bug, typo, or improvement, feel free to create an issue.

> - Make a PR only when you have been assigned by a maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a PR only when a maintainer has assigned you.
```

> - Even if you created the issue yourself, wait to be assigned by a maintainer before you make a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Even if you created the issue yourself, wait for it to be assigned by a maintainer before you make a PR.
```

> - Follow the [conventional commits guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/pull/1733) to write a good PR title.

Reviewer: Here, we need to use a relative URL instead of the PR link

> - Remember to follow the [git workflow document](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md) when making a PR.

Reviewer: Same applies to the above. Use a relative URL

- After making a PR, patiently wait for reviews.
- Make sure all your PR checks pass (turn green) to speed up the merging process.  

> - If your PR hasn’t been reviewed after a certain period, you can gently remind a maintainer on Slack or GitHub. Delays can happen for various reasons, but no one is ignoring you! 🙏🏼 .

Reviewer: explain they have to wait 1 1/2 weeks before pinging the maintainer on the PR and followup on Slack as last resort
